h1. Esta e uma alternativa do "Mundo Real" ao projeto morena_opensource.

h2. Os motivos

A principal motivacao, e que na minha opiniao, este tipo de marketing (usando modelos) esta um pouco fora de contexto neste tipo de evento.
Alem disso, nao acredito que colabore em nada para uma maior participacao feminina nestes eventos.

h2. Exemplo:

Uma imagem para ilustrar este projeto:

* "Exemplo":http://github.com/marcric/real_world_woman_on_rails_summit/blob/master/2008/MulheresMundoReal-2008-00.JPG

Dito isso, espero que as mulheres cujas fotos foram aqui adicionadas entendam isto como uma homenagem, pois foi o que eu pretendi.

Nada contra o projeto original, Eu contribui com ele em 2008, e ele tinha um contexto de colaboracao espontanea na epoca. Mas as coisas tendem a evoluir.

Hoje tenho uma opiniao diferente sobre o CONTEXTO, apenas isso.

Se alguem tiver alguma foto de "Mulheres do Mundo Real" tirada no Rails Summit, pode contribuir.

h1. That is a "Real World" alternative to the morena_opensource project.

h2. The reasons

It is most motivated, because in my opinion, that kind of marketing (using models) is a bit out of context in this kind of event.
Besides that, I didn't believe it helps increasing the female participation in these events.

h2. Example:

A sample image from this project:

* "Sample":http://github.com/marcric/real_world_woman_on_rails_summit/blob/master/2008/MulheresMundoReal-2008-00.JPG

That said, hope the woman which pictures have been added here take it as a reverence, because that was what I intend to do.

Nothing against the original project, I have contributed to it in 2008, and it has an spontaneus colaboration context then. But things tend to evolve.

Today I have a different opinion about the CONTEXT, just that.

If someone have any "Real World Woman" picture taken in Rails Summit, can contribute.
